I'm either good with these things are
sometimes on my nightmare so the project
is about a different illustration of a
glass for every day of the week whereas
monday would be more businesslike the
start of the week your professional side
leading to sunday being a bit more
leisure your day off I basically went
through all of the different eyeglasses
and picked out what I would ideally be
wearing for each day the week the shape
feels a little bit different whether
it's the stems on the side whether it's
the nose pieces everything's a little
bit more obscure my illustration type I
would consider it a bit off based on
glasses being a different shape than
what it actually is one side heavier
than the other the stems being shorter
than they really are different views of
the glass I like the way they turned up
I mean an eyeglass can completely change
the character for a preppy glass to a
more casual glass it's a more advanced
accessory when you want to make a
statement you pull them off and give
them the business look when you want to
look very intellectual you can push them
up a little bit me and Scott talked
about photographers we talked about art
was very
easy relaxing he's fun I like the finer
things in life I like long coats i like
big trousers I like goofy Woody Allen
shoes old man chic kind of you know just
comfortable I have a lot of different
aspects as an artist in New York I have
the commercial side of things that I
also have my fine art which is paintings
it's constantly pushing it's constantly
looking at things reinventing things
looking at them in a different way